# Name: Jacob Sutter

## Date: 101018

### Question 7

There is plenty of data to support that the benefits of vaccines far outweigh
any potential risks or harms.  Just googling "benefits of vaccines" brings
forward tons of different pages from different government and private
organization pages that plead for the vaccination of children to prevent mass
catastrophe.  All of these sites have data that shows the amazing benefits of
vaccines and that any associated risk is impossibly small.

<http://www.immunizeforgood.com/fact-or-fiction/benefits-vs.-risks>
<http://www.who.int/bulletin/volumes/86/2/07-040089/en/>
<https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK332896/>

### Question 8

The publication of an article like this casts vaccines in a horrible light as
no parent would want to be the reason that a child is autistic.  After hearing
something like this, it would create a panic among the public and a strong
resistance to vaccines.  The problem in this instance is that it did cause a
major panic.  Enough people believed this article to cause a resurgence of
certain almost eradicated diseases.  The damage that is done by falsely
published information can be enormous and long-lasting.

The role of research groups should be to thoroughly check a large enough sample
size to be certain that anything they may be seeing has real causality.  They
must also ensure that nothing that they are working on is leaked or released
early until there is absolute certainty in their findings.  If a research group
were to get overly eager to show their results, they could very easily bombard
the public with false information that could have generation-long impacts.  The
research groups must make sure that there is no wild speculation and that there
are no unfounded claims in results that they intend to share.

Simply retracting a paper is not enough to fix all the damage.  The knowledge
of this retraction might not be as widely publicized as the actual paper and
therefore people will still think that the content of the paper is supported
and they will believe the information it contains.  The best thing to do is to
spread the word that they paper is false as globally as possible, but in
reality this cannot totally undo the damage.  The only absolute here is that
it will take a ton of time for the damage to be corrected.

### Question 9

<http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.imr.poliov>
<http://apps.who.int/gho/data/node.imr.mslv>

### Question 10

s
